README.md, before:

# Rust Basics Repo

This is a Repository for learning the basics of rust. It contains as many pieces of code as possible to be explored. This markdown discusses rust installation and writing the helloworld program.

## Install Rust on VScode

1) ### prerequisites
    - VScode installed
    - visual studio installer (installer only) installed
    - visual studio build tools installed with "Desktop development with C++"
        - Download File: https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vs_BuildTools.exe
        - This is used for linking the libraries to the binary in the building process

2) ### installation
    - install the `rust-analyzer` VScode extension:
        - go to extensions
        - type "rust-analyzer"
        - choose the verified one by rust-lang.org
        - install
    - install `rustup`:
        - download file: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
        - run the installation to install the standard packages
    - download clippy (for verbose stuff):
        - in a CMD, write `rustup component add clippy`.

## Hello, World

1) ### Create New Workspace
    - open a new file in the project root called `Cargo.toml` (with a Capitalized "C")
    - insert the following in it:
        ```
        # toml

        # Specifying that this is a workspace to add multiple projects/subprojects. 
        [workspace]

        # Adding the projects/subprojects in the workspace to be read by rust.
        # Each member name written in this members section should be the same as the folder name for this specific member.
        # In rust folders are named in snake_case.
        members = [
            "hello_world",
        ]

        # The resolver is the algorithm version used to read and use dependencies.
        resolver = "3"

        ```
2) ### Create New SubProject
    - Open a Command Prompt and cd into the root folder (the same folder that has the `Cargo.toml`).
    - write the following to create the new `hello_world` subproject:
        ```
        cargo new hello_world

        # or to not create a git repo within the subproject:

        cargo new hello_world --vcs none
        ```
    - go to the hello_world folder and go to the `Cargo.toml` file in it. It should look like the following:
        ```
        [package]
            name = "hello_world"
            version = "0.1.0"
            edition = "2024"
        ```
3) ### Writing The Program
    - Now writing the code should be pretty simple. The `main.rs` file looks like the following:
        ```
        // This line enables clippy so that you get more verbose and much needed warnings for clean code.
        #![deny(clippy::all)]

        fn main() {
            !println("Hello, World");
        }

        ```

    - The `clippy` line:
        ```
        // rust

        #![deny(clippy::all)]
        ```
        - `#![...]` is an inner attribute, applying to the entire crate.
        - `deny(...)` makes all specified lints into hard compiler errors (not just warnings).
        - `clippy::all` refers to a group of all standard Clippy lints.
        - This line tells the compiler:
            - If any Clippy lint in the `clippy::all` group is triggered, fail compilation with an error.

4) ### Handling Comments In This Repo
    - The way comments are handled will be as follows:
        ```
        // This is a literal rust comment

        /*
        This is a piece of code that is giving errors but intentionally left in the code files for learning purposes.

        You can remove these comments to see why they're giving compile-time/runtime errors.
        */ 
        ```

Commit message:

Added System ENV Path For Cargo

README.md, after:

# Rust Basics Repo

This is a Repository for learning the basics of rust. It contains as many pieces of code as possible to be explored. This markdown discusses rust installation and writing the helloworld program.

## Install Rust on VScode

1) ### prerequisites
    - VScode installed
    - visual studio installer (installer only) installed
    - visual studio build tools installed with "Desktop development with C++"
        - Download File: https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vs_BuildTools.exe
        - This is used for linking the libraries to the binary in the building process

2) ### installation
    - install the `rust-analyzer` VScode extension:
        - go to extensions
        - type "rust-analyzer"
        - choose the verified one by rust-lang.org
        - install
    - install `rustup`:
        - download file: https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
        - run the installation to install the standard packages
        - If Rust analyzer does not work yet, then cargo needs to be added to system ENVs:
            1) Type in the start menu "Edit system environment variables".
            2) Go to system variables.
            3) Edit the system path.
            4) Add the following path: "%USERPROFILE%\\.cargo\\bin"
    - download clippy (for verbose stuff):
        - in a CMD, write `rustup component add clippy`.

## Hello, World

1) ### Create New Workspace
    - open a new file in the project root called `Cargo.toml` (with a Capitalized "C")
    - insert the following in it:
        ```
        # toml

        # Specifying that this is a workspace to add multiple projects/subprojects. 
        [workspace]

        # Adding the projects/subprojects in the workspace to be read by rust.
        # Each member name written in this members section should be the same as the folder name for this specific member.
        # In rust folders are named in snake_case.
        members = [
            "hello_world",
        ]

        # The resolver is the algorithm version used to read and use dependencies.
        resolver = "3"

        ```
2) ### Create New SubProject
    - Open a Command Prompt and cd into the root folder (the same folder that has the `Cargo.toml`).
    - write the following to create the new `hello_world` subproject:
        ```
        cargo new hello_world

        # or to not create a git repo within the subproject:

        cargo new hello_world --vcs none
        ```
    - go to the hello_world folder and go to the `Cargo.toml` file in it. It should look like the following:
        ```
        [package]
            name = "hello_world"
            version = "0.1.0"
            edition = "2024"
        ```
3) ### Writing The Program
    - Now writing the code should be pretty simple. The `main.rs` file looks like the following:
        ```
        // This line enables clippy so that you get more verbose and much needed warnings for clean code.
        #![deny(clippy::all)]

        fn main() {
            !println("Hello, World");
        }

        ```

    - The `clippy` line:
        ```
        // rust

        #![deny(clippy::all)]
        ```
        - `#![...]` is an inner attribute, applying to the entire crate.
        - `deny(...)` makes all specified lints into hard compiler errors (not just warnings).
        - `clippy::all` refers to a group of all standard Clippy lints.
        - This line tells the compiler:
            - If any Clippy lint in the `clippy::all` group is triggered, fail compilation with an error.

4) ### Handling Comments In This Repo
    - The way comments are handled will be as follows:
        ```
        // This is a literal rust comment

        /*
        This is a piece of code that is giving errors but intentionally left in the code files for learning purposes.

        You can remove these comments to see why they're giving compile-time/runtime errors.
        */ 
        ```
